Add "nextchange" sensors to AVM FRITZ!Smarthome devices (#19917)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/fritzbox.markdown

To get AVM FRITZ!DECT sensors (e.g.,  FRITZ!DECT Repeater 100) follow the [configuration instructions](#configuration) above.

> Currently there are multiple sensors defined, the availability depends on the reported Features of the connected HanFun Device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple sensors defined, the availability depends on the features of the connected FRITZ!DECT devices
```
